ref(sentry apps): Reorganize main integration platform page (#5011)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/integration-platform/index.mdx

- Actions taken in Sentry will connect to this user rather than the integration/app. For example, if your alerting integration automatically assigns issues to a teammate, it will appear in the history as “Alice assigned Bob issue XYZ” rather than “&lt;Your Sentry integration&gt; assigned Bob issue XYZ.”

**Managing Webhooks**
With Sentry integrations you can manage webhooks in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), as opposed to the current state where you need to make API calls to create/update/delete/retrieve webhooks. This is not only more cumbersome, but also harder to keep track of and makes it difficult to maintain visibility across your team.

**Scope**
Currently, webhooks must be configured per-project, which is added effort especially when adding/removing projects. With Sentry integrations, you’ll receive notifications for all projects in your organization.

**Event Types**
Sentry integrations expose a richer set of events that are not available using the legacy service hooks API. Currently, this includes the following webhooks:
* Issue Created
* Issue Resolved
* Issue Ignored
* Issue Assigned
* Comment Created
* Comment Updated
* Comment Deleted
* Error Created

> In the future, we’ll add more types of webhooks to Sentry integrations.

Reviewer: Since we've moved some content, suggest we add a Learn more heading + page grid which will add a list of the child pages.

```suggestion
In the future, we’ll add more types of webhooks to Sentry integrations.

## Learn More

<PageGrid />

```

## Alert Rule Action

You can make any integration available as an action in [issue alerts](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/#issue-alerts) and [metric alerts](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/#metric-alerts) by enabling the "Alert Rule Action" toggle. The integration will then show
up as a service in the action section when creating or updating an alert rule.

![Dropdown menu of actions for an alert rule.](alert-rules.png)

For your service to receive webhooks for alert rules, users must add to existing rules or create new ones that have `Send a notification via <your service>` as an action in the rule. Once that's set up, you'll start receiving webhook requests for triggered alerts. For more information about the request and payload, check out the [full documentation on Webhooks](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/).

## Schema

The Sentry Integration Platform provides the ability to add rich UI components to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) itself through a  simple, declarative syntax.

For more information, check out the [full documentation on UI Components](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/).

> ## Authorized Origins

Author: I ordered it in the same way it appears on the page so you can follow along :/

**Managing Webhooks**
With Sentry integrations you can manage webhooks in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), as opposed to the current state where you need to make API calls to create/update/delete/retrieve webhooks. This is not only more cumbersome, but also harder to keep track of and makes it difficult to maintain visibility across your team.

**Scope**
Currently, webhooks must be configured per-project, which is added effort especially when adding/removing projects. With Sentry integrations, you’ll receive notifications for all projects in your organization.

**Event Types**
Sentry integrations expose a richer set of events that are not available using the legacy service hooks API. Currently, this includes the following webhooks:
* Issue Created
* Issue Resolved
* Issue Ignored
* Issue Assigned
* Comment Created
* Comment Updated
* Comment Deleted
* Error Created

In the future, we’ll add more types of webhooks to Sentry integrations.

> ## Learn More

Reviewer 2: I really like this learn more section but I'm wondering if we should be calling attention to the subpages for Internal Integrations and Public Integrations earlier some how.

It's probably fine if we trim down this page a bit, but as is I think they appear too low in the page to actually get the visibility they need.

There are several configuration options for your integration, which are described briefly below. Each section provides links to more detailed information.

## Webhooks

Webhooks allow your service to get requests about specific resources, depending on your selection. For more information, check out the [full Webhooks documentation](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/).

## UI Components

The Sentry Integration Platform provides the ability to add rich UI components to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) itself through a  simple, declarative syntax. For more information, check out the [full UI Components documentation](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/).

## Alerts

You can make any integration available as an action in [issue alerts](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/#issue-alerts) and [metric alerts](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/#metric-alerts) by enabling the "Alert Rule Action" toggle. The integration will then show
up as a service in the action section when creating or updating an alert rule:

![Dropdown menu of actions for an alert rule.](alert-rules.png)

> For your service to receive webhooks for alert rules, users must add to existing rules or create new ones that have `Send a notification via <your service>` as an action in the rule. Once that's set up, you'll start receiving webhook requests for triggered alerts. For more information about the request and payload, check out the [full Webhooks documentation](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/).

Reviewer 2: I think you should add a sentence here to direct devs to Alert Rule Actions UI component if they need more specific information:

> If you'd like users to provide more app-specific information to route/handle these webhooks (e.g. assignees, teams, notification channels), consider implementing the [alert rule action UI component](#link)

Though my wording probably isn't great, feel free to change it!

description: "Learn more about Sentry’s Integration Platform and how it provides a way for external services to interact with Sentry using the REST API and webhooks. Integrations utilizing this platform are first-class actors within Sentry, and you can build them for public and internal use-cases."
---

Sentry’s Integration Platform provides a way for external services to interact with Sentry using [webhooks](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/), [UI components](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/), and the [REST API](/api). Integrations using this platform are first-class actors within Sentry.

## Creating an Integration

In [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), navigate to **Settings > Developer Settings**. From here, you can choose to create an [internal](/product/integrations/integration-platform/internal-integration) or [public](/product/integrations/integration-platform/public-integration) integration. Internal integrations can only be used by your organization, whereas public integrations can be published and are available for all Sentry users.

> ![Settings page that allows developer to choose between public or internal integrations.](dev-settings.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Settings page that allows developer to choose between public or internal integrations.](dev-settings.png)

There are several configuration options for your integration, which are described briefly below. Each section provides links to more detailed information.
```

## Webhooks

> Webhooks allow your service to get requests about specific resources, depending on your selection. For more information, check out the [full documentation on Webhooks](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhooks allow your service to get requests about specific resources, depending on your selection. For more information, check out the [full Webhooks documentation](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/).
```

## UI Components

The Sentry Integration Platform provides the ability to add rich UI components to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) itself through a  simple, declarative syntax.

> For more information, check out the [full documentation on UI Components](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, check out the [full UI Components documentation](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/).
```

## Alerts

You can make any integration available as an action in [issue alerts](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/#issue-alerts) and [metric alerts](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/#metric-alerts) by enabling the "Alert Rule Action" toggle. The integration will then show

> up as a service in the action section when creating or updating an alert rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
up as a service in the action section when creating or updating an alert rule:
```

![Dropdown menu of actions for an alert rule.](alert-rules.png)

> For your service to receive webhooks for alert rules, users must add to existing rules or create new ones that have `Send a notification via <your service>` as an action in the rule. Once that's set up, you'll start receiving webhook requests for triggered alerts. For more information about the request and payload, check out the [full documentation on Webhooks](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For your service to receive webhooks for alert rules, users must add to existing rules or create new ones that have `Send a notification via <your service>` as an action in the rule. Once that's set up, you'll start receiving webhook requests for triggered alerts. For more information about the request and payload, check out the [full Webhooks documentation](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/).
```

## Permissions

Permissions specify what level of access your service requires of Sentry resources. The scopes are directly applied to any API tokens issued to the application. For public integrations, Sentry will prompt users to approve these permissions upon installation. For more information, check out the [full documentation on Permissions](/api/permissions/).

![Form that allows developer to set what permissions they'll need from their user.](permissions.png)

You can't create an integration or change an existing integration to have permissions greater than your own user settings. Permissions are scoped to the organization, so adding scopes for issues and events, projects, or teams will enable access to issues and events, projects, or teams across the organization.

## Auth Tokens

> Auth tokens are passed using an auth header, and are used to authenticate as a user account with the API. [Public integrations](/product/integrations/integration-platform/public-integration) require an OAuth flow for tokens. [Internal integrations](/product/integrations/integration-platform/internal-integration) automatically generate tokens after installation. For more information, check out the [full documentation on Authentication](/api/auth/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auth tokens are passed using an auth header, and are used to authenticate as a user account with the API. [Public integrations](/product/integrations/integration-platform/public-integration) require an OAuth flow for tokens. [Internal integrations](/product/integrations/integration-platform/internal-integration) automatically generate tokens after installation. For more information, check out the [full Authentication documentation](/api/auth/).
```

> <<<<<<< Updated upstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

description: "Learn more about Sentry’s Integration Platform and how it provides a way for external services to interact with Sentry using the REST API and webhooks. Integrations utilizing this platform are first-class actors within Sentry, and you can build them for public and internal use-cases."
---

Sentry’s Integration Platform provides a way for external services to interact with Sentry using the REST API and webhooks. Integrations using this platform are first-class actors within Sentry.

## Creating an Integration

> In [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), navigate to **Settings > Developer Settings**. From here, you can choose to create an [internal](#internal-integrations) or [public](#public-integrations) integration. Internal integrations can only be used by your organization, whereas public integrations can be published and available for all Sentry users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), navigate to **Settings > Developer Settings**. From here, you can choose to create an [internal](#internal-integrations) or [public](#public-integrations) integration. Internal integrations can only be used by your organization, whereas public integrations can be published and are available for all Sentry users.
```

![Settings page that allows developer to choose between public or internal integrations.](dev-settings.png)

## Alert Rule Action

> You can make any integration available as an action in [issue alerts](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/#issue-alerts) and [metric alerts](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/#metric-alerts) by enabling the "Alert Rule Action" toggle. It will then show

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make any integration available as an action in [issue alerts](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/#issue-alerts) and [metric alerts](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/#metric-alerts) by enabling the "Alert Rule Action" toggle. The integration will then show
```

up as a service in the action section when creating or updating an alert rule.

![Dropdown menu of actions for an alert rule.](alert-rules.png)

For your service to receive webhooks for alert rules, users must add to existing rules or create new ones that have `Send a notification via <your service>` as an action in the rule. Once that's set up, you'll start receiving webhook requests for triggered alerts. For more information about the request and payload, check out the [full documentation on Webhooks](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/).

## Schema

The Sentry Integration Platform provides the ability to add rich UI components to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) itself through a  simple, declarative syntax.

> For more information, see the [full documentation on UI Components](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, check out the [full documentation on UI Components](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/).
```

## Authorized Origins

> It's possible to use auth tokens from the browser if you allow the origins of the pages making the requests. In the "Authorized JavaScript Origins" field, add each origin (for example, docs.sentry.io) separated by a newline. You don't need to include the protocol in the origin (http or https). Currently, you can't use any wildcard characters (for example, `*.sentry.io`), so if you have multiple subdomains, you'll need to add them individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to use auth tokens from the browser if you allow the origins of the pages making the requests. In the "Authorized JavaScript Origins" field, add each origin (for example, docs.sentry.io) separated by a newline. You don't need to include the protocol (http or https) in the origin. Currently, you can't use any wildcard characters (for example, `*.sentry.io`), so if you have multiple subdomains, you'll need to add them individually.
```

## Image Requirements

[Public integrations](#public-integrations) require a logo image to be uploaded. The requirements for those are:
* Logo size must be between 256 &times; 256px and 1024 &times; 1024px
* File format must be PNG
* Background must be transparent (unless the logo takes up the entire space)

If the integration has a [UI component](#schema), you must also upload an icon that follows these requirements:
* Icon size must be between 256x256 px and 1024x1024px
* File must be a PNG in RGBA format
* All pixels must be black or transparent

Internal integrations can have logos and icons uploaded, but they are not required.

## Permissions

> Permissions specify what level of access your service requires of Sentry resources. For public integrations, Sentry will prompt users to approve of these permissions upon installation. For more information, see the [full documentation on Permissions](/api/permissions/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permissions specify what level of access your service requires of Sentry resources. For public integrations, Sentry will prompt users to approve these permissions upon installation. For more information, see the [full documentation on Permissions](/api/permissions/).
```

![Form that allows developer to set what permissions they'll need from their user.](permissions.png)

> You cannot create an integration or change an existing integration to have permissions greater than your own user settings. Permissions are scoped to the organization, so adding scopes for issues and events, projects, or teams will enable access to issues and events, projects, or teams across the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can't create an integration or change an existing integration to have permissions greater than your own user settings. Permissions are scoped to the organization, so adding scopes for issues and events, projects, or teams will enable access to issues and events, projects, or teams across the organization.
```

## Integration Webhooks

Webhooks allow your service to get requests about specific resources, depending on your selection. For more information, check out the [full documentation on Webhooks](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/).

## Using Auth Tokens

Auth tokens are passed using an auth header, and are used to authenticate as a user account with the API. [Public integrations](#public-integrations) require an OAuth flow for tokens. [Internal integrations](#internal-integrations) automatically generate tokens after installation. For more information, check out the [full documentation on Authentication](/api/auth/).

## Public Integrations

> Public integrations are for the "general public" of Sentry users. These start in an unpublished state for development purposes and can later be submitted for approval to publish. For more information, check out the [section on Publishing](#published-state).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public integrations are for the "general public" of Sentry users. These start in an unpublished state for development purposes and can be submitted later for approval to publish. For more information, check out the [section on Publishing](#published-state).
```

The code examples in the sections below demonstrate a potential use-case that involves a Flask app receiving new issue webhooks from Sentry, calling the Sentry API for more data about the issue, and pushing it to Pushover as a generator of desktop/mobile notifications.

### Installation

> Users will have the option to install your integrations on the "Integrations" page in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io). If your integration is still in an unpublished state, the only Sentry organization that will be able to install it will be the organization that created the integration. Clicking the name of the integration will allow users to see a description of your integration and the permissions that will be granted if the user chooses to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users will have the option to install your integrations on the **Integrations** page in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io). If your integration is still in an unpublished state, the only Sentry organization that will be able to install it will be the organization that created the integration. Clicking the name of the integration will allow users to see a description of your integration and the permissions that will be granted if the user chooses to install.
```

> Users will have the option to install your integrations on the Integrations Page in Sentry. If your integration is still in an unpublished state, the only Sentry organization that will be able to install that integration will be the organization that created the integration. Clicking the name of the integration will allow users to see a description of your integration and the permissions that will be granted should the user choose to install.

Author: No, an integration in an unpublished state can only be seen by the organization that is developing it.

![A list of integrations that a user can install.](integration-directory.png)

### OAuth Process

> After installation, if your user has approved of all permissions, Sentry will generate a grant code and an installation ID. This information, the grant code, and the installation ID are sent via the `installation.created` webhook to the Webhook URL specified in your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installation, if your user has approved of all permissions, Sentry will generate a grant code and an installation ID. This information is sent by way of the `installation.created` webhook to the webhook URL specified in your configuration.
```

> Users will have the option to install your integrations on the **Integrations** page in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io). If your integration is still in an unpublished state, the only Sentry organization that will be able to install it will be the organization that created the integration. Clicking the name of the integration will allow users to see a description of your integration and the permissions that will be granted if the user chooses to install.

Reviewer: If the integration is still in an unpublished state, is it visible at all to other orgs? If not, then see edit below:
```suggestion
Users will have the option to install your integrations on the **Integrations** page in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io). If your integration is still in an unpublished state, the only Sentry organization that will be able to see or install it will be the organization that created the integration. Once published, clicking the name of the integration will allow users to see a description of your integration and the permissions that will be granted if the user chooses to install.
```

> However, if your integration has a Redirect URL configured, the integration redirects the user’s browser to the configured URL with the grant code and installation ID in the query params.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if your integration has a redirect URL configured, the integration redirects the user’s browser to the configured URL with the grant code and installation ID in the query params.
```

> After installation, if your user has approved of all permissions, Sentry will generate a grant code and an installation ID. This information is sent by way of the `installation.created` webhook to the webhook URL specified in your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installation, if your user has approved all permissions, Sentry will generate a grant code and an installation ID. This information is sent by way of the `installation.created` webhook to the webhook URL specified in your configuration.
```

> Start building your integration by implementing the Redirect URL endpoint, `/setup` — typically where you exchange the grant code for a token that allows you to make API calls to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start building your integration by implementing the redirect URL endpoint, `/setup` — typically where you exchange the grant code for a token that allows you to make API calls to Sentry:
```

    return redirect('https://sentry.io/settings/')
```

### Token Exchange

> Upon the initial installation, you'll need the grant code given to you in either the installation webhook request or the redirect URL, in addition to your integration's client ID and client Secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the initial installation, you'll need the grant code given to you in either the installation webhook request or the redirect URL, in addition to your integration's client ID and client Secret:
```

}
```

### Auth Tokens

> Auth Tokens are what the Integration Platform calls tokens. Auth Tokens are passed using an auth header and are used to authenticate as a user account with the API. In the case of the Integration Platform, these tokens are used to authenticate as an application (with access to a specific organization) instead of a user.

Reviewer: I'm confused by this bit. Lemme know if this edit doesn't work and we might need to talk it through.

```suggestion
Auth Tokens are referred to as _tokens_ in the Integration Platform. Auth tokens are passed using an auth header and are used to authenticate as a user account with the API. In the case of the Integration Platform, these tokens are used to authenticate as an application (with access to a specific organization) instead of a user.
```

> ### How to use tokens for requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using Tokens for Requests
```

When making requests to the Sentry API, you use the token just like you would when you're typically making [API requests](/api/auth/). Tokens are associated with the installation, meaning they have access to the Sentry organization that installed your integration.

### Token Expiration

Tokens expire every eight hours.

### Refreshing Tokens

> The Tokens you receive from Sentry expire after eight hours. To retrieve a new token, you’ll make a request to the same Authorization endpoint used in the /setup endpoint above, but with a slightly different request body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tokens you receive from Sentry expire after eight hours. To retrieve a new token, make a request to the same Authorization endpoint used in the /setup endpoint above, but with a slightly different request body:
```

}
```

### Auth Tokens

Auth Tokens are referred to as _tokens_ in the Integration Platform. Auth tokens are passed using an auth header and are used to authenticate as a user account with the API. In the case of the Integration Platform, these tokens are used to authenticate as an application (with access to a specific organization) instead of a user.

### Using Tokens for Requests

> When making requests to the Sentry API, you use the token just like you would when you're typically making [API requests](/api/auth/). Tokens are associated with the installation, meaning they have access to the Sentry organization that installed your integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making requests to the Sentry API, you use the token just like you would when you're making typical [API requests](/api/auth/). Tokens are associated with the installation, meaning they have access to the Sentry organization that installed your integration.
```

### Token Expiration

> Tokens expire every eight hours.

Reviewer: In case someone searches for this, it's good to be specific here since this answer is different for internal integrations. 

```suggestion
Tokens for public integrations expire every eight hours.
```

### Refreshing Tokens

> The tokens you receive from Sentry expire after eight hours. To retrieve a new token, make a request to the same Authorization endpoint used in the /setup endpoint above, but with a slightly different request body:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tokens you receive from Sentry expire after eight hours. To retrieve a new token, make a request to the same Authorization endpoint used in the setup endpoint above, but with a slightly different request body:
```

    return new_token
```

> Instead of keeping track of times and passively refreshing when a token expires, one painless way you can handle refreshing tokens is to actively capture exceptions raised by requests that receive a 401 unauthorized response from Sentry, refresh the token, and remake the request.

Reviewer: We want to avoid saying how a process is going to feel for a user. 

```suggestion
Instead of keeping track of times and passively refreshing when a token expires, another way you can handle refreshing tokens is to actively capture exceptions raised by requests that receive a 401 unauthorized response from Sentry, refresh the token, and remake the request.
```

Instead of keeping track of times and passively refreshing at the time a token expires, one painless way you can handle refreshing tokens is to actively capture exceptions raised by requests that receive a 401 Unauthorized response from Sentry, refresh the token, and remake the request.

### Verifying Installations (optional)

> Typically, if you have the redirect URL configured, there is work happening on your end to "finalize" the installation. If this is the case, we recommend enabling the "Verify Install" option for your integration. Once enabled, you'll need to send a request marking the installation as officially "installed".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, if you have the redirect URL configured, there is work happening on your end to "finalize" the installation. If this is the case, we recommend enabling the "Verify Install" option for your integration. Once enabled, you'll need to send a request marking the installation as officially "installed":
```

Instead of keeping track of times and passively refreshing at the time a token expires, one painless way you can handle refreshing tokens is to actively capture exceptions raised by requests that receive a 401 Unauthorized response from Sentry, refresh the token, and remake the request.

### Verifying Installations (optional)

> Typically if you have the Redirect URL configured, there is work happening on your end to 'finalize' the installation. If this is the case, we recommend enabling the Verify Install option for your integration. Once enabled, you will need to send a request marking the installation as officially 'installed.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, if you have the redirect URL configured, there is work happening on your end to "finalize" the installation. If this is the case, we recommend enabling the "Verify Install" option for your integration. Once enabled, you'll need to send a request marking the installation as officially "installed".
```

```python
requests.put(
    u'https://sentry.io/api/0/sentry-app-installations/{}/'.format(install_id),
    json={'status': 'installed'},
)
```

### Uninstallation

> When a user uninstalls your integration, you will receive a webhook request to your Webhook URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user uninstalls your integration, you'll receive a webhook request to your webhook URL.
```

> In addition to the [un]installation webhook requests, all of the webhooks that you selected when configuring your integration will be routed to your Webhook URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the [un]installation webhook requests, all of the webhooks that you selected when configuring your integration will be routed to your webhook URL.
```

> Continuing from our example, here we're implementing the Webhook URL endpoint, `/webhook`. In this case, that includes when an issue is created. In this method, you'll use the Sentry API to check if the issue belongs to a project called Backend, and if it does, you'll forward the issue to Pushover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuing from our example, here we're implementing the webhook URL endpoint, `/webhook`. In this case, that includes when an issue is created. In this method, you'll use the Sentry API to check if the issue belongs to a project called "Backend", and if it does, you'll forward the issue to Pushover:
```

    return resp.json()
```

For more information, check out the [full documentation on Webhooks](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/).

### Published State

> When you're ready for the publication process, click "Publish" next to the integration you wish to submit. This will send an email to partners@sentry.io letting us know your integration is ready for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're ready for the publication process, click "Publish" next to the integration you want to submit. This sends an email to partners@sentry.io, letting us know your integration is ready for review:
```

Creating an internal integration will automatically install it on your organization.

### Auth Tokens

> Auth Tokens are what the Integration Platform calls tokens. Auth Tokens are passed using an auth header and are used to authenticate as a user account with the API. In the case of the Integration Platform, these tokens are used to authenticate as an application (with access to a specific organization) instead of a user.

Reviewer: Same comment as the same spot in the public integrations content: I'm confused by this bit. Lemme know if this edit doesn't work and we might need to talk it through.

```suggestion
Auth Tokens are referred to as _tokens_ in the Integration Platform. Auth tokens are passed using an auth header and are used to authenticate as a user account with the API. In the case of the Integration Platform, these tokens are used to authenticate as an application (with access to a specific organization) instead of a user.
```

> When you create an Internal Integration, a token is automatically generated. Should you need multiple, or you need to swap it out, you can go into your **Developer Settings > Your Internal Integration** and do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create an internal integration, a token is automatically generated. Should you need multiple tokens, or you need to get a new one, you can go into your **Settings > Developer Settings > [Your Internal Integration]** and do so.
```

> When you create an internal integration, a token is automatically generated. Should you need multiple tokens, or you need to get a new one, you can go into your **Settings > Developer Settings > [Your Internal Integration]** and do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create an internal integration, a token is automatically generated. Should you need multiple tokens, or you need to get a new one, you can go to **Settings > Developer Settings > [Your Internal Integration]** and do so.
```

You can have up to 20 tokens at a time for any given internal integration.

### Using Tokens for Requests

> When making requests to the Sentry API, you use the token just like you would when you're typically making [API requests](/api/auth/). Tokens are associated with the Sentry organization that created the integration (and therefore was automatically installed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making requests to the Sentry API, you use the token just like you would when you're typically making [API requests](/api/auth/). Tokens are associated with the Sentry organization that created the integration and are automatically installed for that org.
```

### Token Expiration

> Tokens never expire, but you can manually revoke them.

Reviewer: In case someone searches for this, it's good to be specific here since this answer is different for public integrations. 

```suggestion
Tokens for internal integrations never expire, but you can manually revoke them.
```

![Image showing the ability to copy tokens, create new tokens, revoke tokens, and when they were created in UTC.](tokens.png)

## FAQ

> #### How is a Sentry Integration different from OAuth Apps?

Reviewer: All these FAQs are at an H4, but we can bring them up to H3 and we shouldn't be skipping heading levels. Is there any reason you did that here or just an oversight?

```suggestion
### How is a Sentry integration different from OAuth apps?
```

Author: I left them as H4s because the titles are so long the sidebar felt cluttered, I can make them H3s though.

> OAuth Applications allow an external developer to create an application which can authenticate as a Sentry user and take actions as the user within Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuth applications allow an external developer to create an application which can authenticate as a Sentry user and take actions as the user within Sentry.
```

> Sentry Integrations are similar to OAuth apps, except Sentry Integrations act as an independent entity. There is currently no way for Sentry Integrations to act on behalf of a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry integrations are similar to OAuth apps, except Sentry Integrations act as an independent entity. There is currently no way for Sentry integrations to act on behalf of a user.
```

> #### How is a Sentry Integration different from personal Auth Tokens?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How is a Sentry integration different from personal auth tokens?
```

> Sentry integrations are similar to OAuth apps, except Sentry Integrations act as an independent entity. There is currently no way for Sentry integrations to act on behalf of a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry integrations are similar to OAuth apps, except Sentry integrations act as an independent entity. There is currently no way for a Sentry integration to act on behalf of a user.
```

> Personal Auth Tokens are tokens a user can use to invoke APIs directly and have access to all the resources tied to that user. Sentry Integrations do not represent a single user, but rather make requests as "itself."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Personal auth tokens are tokens a user can use to invoke APIs directly and have access to all the resources tied to that user. A Sentry integration doesn't represent a single user, but rather makes requests as "itself".
```

#### We use the Sentry API internally at our company. Should we switch to the Sentry Integration Platform?

> If you're looking for any of the new features below, we recommend you switch to Sentry Integrations and build an [Internal Integration](#internal-integrations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking for any of the new features below, we recommend you switch to Sentry Integrations and build an [internal integration](#internal-integrations).
```

> Personal auth tokens are tokens a user can use to invoke APIs directly and have access to all the resources tied to that user. A Sentry integration doesn't represent a single user, but rather makes requests as "itself".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Personal auth tokens are tokens that can be used to invoke APIs directly and have access to all the resources tied to that user. A Sentry integration doesn't represent a single user, but rather makes requests as "itself".
```

**Permissions**

> OAuth apps and Auth Tokens allow you to access Sentry as a specific user in your Sentry organization. This means:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuth apps and auth tokens allow you to access Sentry as a specific user in your Sentry organization. This means:
```

> - If this user leaves the organization or their permissions change, the integration can break. A Sentry Integration, on the other hand, is a separate, independent entity with its own permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If this user leaves the organization or their permissions change, the integration can break. A Sentry integration, on the other hand, is a separate, independent entity with its own permissions.
```

> If you're looking for any of the new features below, we recommend you switch to Sentry Integrations and build an [internal integration](#internal-integrations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking for any of the new features below, we recommend you switch to using Sentry integrations and build an [internal integration](#internal-integrations).
```

> - OAuth apps and Auth Tokens permit the user to access other Sentry organizations they belong to, so there is limited isolation.
> - Actions taken in Sentry will connect to this user rather than the integration/app. For example, if your alerting integration automatically assigns issues to a teammate, it will appear in the history as “Alice assigned Bob issue XYZ” rather than “&lt;Your Sentry Integration apps&gt; assigned Bob issue XYZ.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OAuth apps and auth tokens permit the user to access other Sentry organizations they belong to, so there is limited isolation.
- Actions taken in Sentry will connect to this user rather than the integration/app. For example, if your alerting integration automatically assigns issues to a teammate, it will appear in the history as “Alice assigned Bob issue XYZ” rather than “&lt;Your Sentry Integration apps&gt; assigned Bob issue XYZ.”
```

**Managing Webhooks**

> With Sentry Integrations you can manage webhooks in the UI, as opposed to the current state where you need to make API calls to create/update/delete/retrieve webhooks. The latter is not only more cumbersome but also harder to keep track of and maintain visibility across your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Sentry integrations you can manage webhooks in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), as opposed to the current state where you need to make API calls to create/update/delete/retrieve webhooks. This is not only more cumbersome, but also harder to keep track of and makes it difficult to maintain visibility across your team.
```

**Scope**

> Currently, webhooks must be configured per-project, which is unnecessary overhead especially when adding/removing projects. With Sentry Integration apps, you’ll receive notifications for all projects in your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, webhooks must be configured per-project, which is added effort especially when adding/removing projects. With Sentry integrations, you’ll receive notifications for all projects in your organization.
```

> - Actions taken in Sentry will connect to this user rather than the integration/app. For example, if your alerting integration automatically assigns issues to a teammate, it will appear in the history as “Alice assigned Bob issue XYZ” rather than “&lt;Your Sentry Integration apps&gt; assigned Bob issue XYZ.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Actions taken in Sentry will connect to this user rather than the integration/app. For example, if your alerting integration automatically assigns issues to a teammate, it will appear in the history as “Alice assigned Bob issue XYZ” rather than “&lt;Your Sentry integration&gt; assigned Bob issue XYZ.”
```

> - Actions taken in Sentry will connect to this user rather than the integration/app. For example, if your alerting integration automatically assigns issues to a teammate, it will appear in the history as “Alice assigned Bob issue XYZ” rather than “&lt;Your Sentry Integration apps&gt; assigned Bob issue XYZ.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Actions taken in Sentry will connect to this user rather than the integration/app. For example, if your alerting integration automatically assigns issues to a teammate, it will appear in the history as “Alice assigned Bob issue XYZ” rather than “&lt;Your Sentry integration&gt; assigned Bob issue XYZ.”
```

**Event Types**

> Sentry Integrations expose a richer set of events that are not available using the legacy service hooks API. Currently, this includes the following webhooks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry integrations expose a richer set of events that are not available using the legacy service hooks API. Currently, this includes the following webhooks:
```

* Issue Created
* Issue Resolved
* Issue Ignored
* Issue Assigned
* Comment Created
* Comment Updated
* Comment Deleted

> * Error Created

Reviewer: This is a comment for line 347 which Github won't let me select for some reason. Just change "Sentry Integrations" to "Sentry integrations."
